# Python-Project-on-Sentiment-Analysis
How do people feel about Covid Vaccine? Evidence from public tweets.
Since March 2020 Covid changed our way of living. Scientists and governments have worked really hard in order to find a solution to the pandemic. Every country handled the situation in a different way based on its own experience, possibilities and resources.

It has already been a year since scientists found a vaccine that could help fighting the virus and that could actually bring our lives back to normal. It is also true that not everyone accepts this solution and a big percentage of the population does not want to get vaccinated for different reasons. Statistics show that there is a high chance that the vaccine could stop, or al least slow down, this fast and unstoppable spread of the virus. In some countries the vaccine is now mandatory in order to work in certain field or access to certain services. These laws raised a great number of strikes and protests all over the world.
Since November 2021 a new form of the virus, Omicron, is spreading and it is necessary to be really careful. A new dose of the vaccine is now on the market. People need to take this third intake since the last two are not strong enough to protect themselves from the new variant.
These changes implemented the problems already existing, leading to a general anger and mistrust.

An interesting way to analyse people thoughts and reactions is through Twitter. Indeed, people often post their personal opinions on social networks to express themselves. In order to perform this analysis a great number of tweets have been studied, accessing the Tweepy library. The first section of this paperwork presents the cleaning of the data. The second section shows some descriptive analysis: which are the most frequent words in the tweets and their frequencies. The section also presents some graphs. Third, sentiment analysis was performed with the TextBlob library in order to determine whether a piece of writing is positive, negative, or neutral. Finally, sentiment analysis was performed using the Naïve Bayes Classifier that classifies tweets in positive or negative. There is also a short comparison of the results.
